README.md, before:

# Personal Profile

<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a476c09b-8816-464f-9feb-d3db2051f6db" alt="王巍巍的照片" width="300" height="450">

## Introduction
Graduated from Nanjing University with a Bachelor's degree in Software Engineering. Currently employed at Sunline. Expert at the "Application Modernization Promotion Center" of China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT), Tencent Cloud Hall of Fame Expert, and Huawei Kunpeng "Outstanding Golden Seed Developer".

## Patents
- **一种基于AI的面向金融领域的工艺平台** - Patent Number: ZL 2025 1 0484819.8, Authorization Announcement Number: CN 119987729 B

## Publications
- **"单元化架构实践指南及AI时代思考"** - Publisher: 哈尔滨工程大学出版社, ISBN: 978-7-5661-4839-1, CIP Approval Number: 2025DX7425

## Research Papers
- **"《Solving LLM Repetition Problem in Production: A Comprehensive Study of Multiple Solutions》"** - https://arxiv.org/abs/2512.04419
- **"RAG实践的经典难题以及知识图谱KG的增强"** - Published in "计算机产品与流通" Journal, ISSN: CN12-1276/TP
- **"论“代码解读”场景大模型的训练和调优之道"** - Published in "消费电子" Journal, ISSN: CN11-5879/TM

## Column Writing
- **51CTO Column Writer** - [https://blog.51cto.com/supercharles888](https://blog.51cto.com/supercharles888)
- **Artificial Intelligence Column - LLM Intelligence Workshop** - [https://www.zhihu.com/column/c_1795213007644659713](https://www.zhihu.com/column/c_1795213007644659713)

## Industry and Group Standards
- CAICT Group Standard: "银行核心系统现代化建设水平度量模型"
- CAICT Group Standard: "大模型驱动的数据分类分级工具技术要求"
- CAICT Group Standard: "人工智能云 AI网关能力要求"

## Key Activities

### 2024
- Led team to participate in Huawei Kunpeng Application Innovation Competition - Financial Native Development Innovation Track National Finals and won Silver Award
- Guest speaker at SACC China System Architect Conference - Artificial Intelligence Special Topic
- Huawei Kunpeng Outstanding Golden Seed Developer - [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/ocCWaCDPmQ4vjoOFqra3OQ](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/ocCWaCDPmQ4vjoOFqra3OQ)
- Expert Committee Member of CAICT Application Modernization Promotion Center Banking Industry Working Group - [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/X8lHMj_Iv7MKk4NrfIf4vA](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/X8lHMj_Iv7MKk4NrfIf4vA), [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/xFpU-0DhowhgXGD5-ll91A](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/xFpU-0DhowhgXGD5-ll91A)

### 2025
- FAIS "ZhiHong" Expert Program + Large Model Application Research Plan Based on Financial Scenario Business Models - [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/YlS7OXOfgrJ0ytRCdHywgg](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/YlS7OXOfgrJ0ytRCdHywgg)
- ITPub Community "DeepSeek Deep Interpretation" - [https://live.itpub.net/](https://live.itpub.net/)
- "Intelligence Surging in the Cloud, Coexisting with AI" Tencent Cloud Developer Conference - [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/dWm-4OQSJvWplRjW0DaNVg](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/dWm-4OQSJvWplRjW0DaNVg)
- 7th AiDD Summit - [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/6NL-3zqmSEtkseV1Xso9vA](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/6NL-3zqmSEtkseV1Xso9vA)
- CAICT MCP Technology Salon - [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/WiPwI7l98gWneRBD5fhTyQ](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/WiPwI7l98gWneRBD5fhTyQ)
- OpenAtom Open Source Foundation - OpenTenBase Shanghai Station - [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/uBfxA9coXpF5o3LTjR0Rvg](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/uBfxA9coXpF5o3LTjR0Rvg)

Commit message:

Add new CAICT group standards to README

README.md, after:

# Personal Profile

<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a476c09b-8816-464f-9feb-d3db2051f6db" alt="王巍巍的照片" width="300" height="450">

## Introduction
Graduated from Nanjing University with a Bachelor's degree in Software Engineering. Currently employed at Sunline. Expert at the "Application Modernization Promotion Center" of China Academy of Information and Communications Technology (CAICT), Tencent Cloud Hall of Fame Expert, and Huawei Kunpeng "Outstanding Golden Seed Developer".

## Patents
- **一种基于AI的面向金融领域的工艺平台** - Patent Number: ZL 2025 1 0484819.8, Authorization Announcement Number: CN 119987729 B

## Publications
- **"单元化架构实践指南及AI时代思考"** - Publisher: 哈尔滨工程大学出版社, ISBN: 978-7-5661-4839-1, CIP Approval Number: 2025DX7425

## Research Papers
- **"《Solving LLM Repetition Problem in Production: A Comprehensive Study of Multiple Solutions》"** - https://arxiv.org/abs/2512.04419
- **"《Real Time Detection and Quantitative Analysis of Spurious Forgetting in Continual Learning》"** - https://arxiv.org/abs/2512.20634
- **"RAG实践的经典难题以及知识图谱KG的增强"** - Published in "计算机产品与流通" Journal, ISSN: CN12-1276/TP
- **"论“代码解读”场景大模型的训练和调优之道"** - Published in "消费电子" Journal, ISSN: CN11-5879/TM

## Column Writing
- **51CTO Column Writer** - [https://blog.51cto.com/supercharles888](https://blog.51cto.com/supercharles888)
- **Artificial Intelligence Column - LLM Intelligence Workshop** - [https://www.zhihu.com/column/c_1795213007644659713](https://www.zhihu.com/column/c_1795213007644659713)

## Industry and Group Standards
- CAICT Group Standard: "银行核心系统现代化建设水平度量模型"
- CAICT Group Standard: "大模型驱动的数据分类分级工具技术要求"
- CAICT Group Standard: "人工智能云 AI网关能力要求"
- CAICT Group Standard: 人工智能云 大模型外部信息交互能力要求"
- CAICT Group Standard: 金融级智能应用能力要求 风控场景"

## Key Activities

### 2024
- Led team to participate in Huawei Kunpeng Application Innovation Competition - Financial Native Development Innovation Track National Finals and won Silver Award
- Guest speaker at SACC China System Architect Conference - Artificial Intelligence Special Topic
- Huawei Kunpeng Outstanding Golden Seed Developer - [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/ocCWaCDPmQ4vjoOFqra3OQ](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/ocCWaCDPmQ4vjoOFqra3OQ)
- Expert Committee Member of CAICT Application Modernization Promotion Center Banking Industry Working Group - [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/X8lHMj_Iv7MKk4NrfIf4vA](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/X8lHMj_Iv7MKk4NrfIf4vA), [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/xFpU-0DhowhgXGD5-ll91A](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/xFpU-0DhowhgXGD5-ll91A)

### 2025
- FAIS "ZhiHong" Expert Program + Large Model Application Research Plan Based on Financial Scenario Business Models - [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/YlS7OXOfgrJ0ytRCdHywgg](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/YlS7OXOfgrJ0ytRCdHywgg)
- ITPub Community "DeepSeek Deep Interpretation" - [https://live.itpub.net/](https://live.itpub.net/)
- "Intelligence Surging in the Cloud, Coexisting with AI" Tencent Cloud Developer Conference - [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/dWm-4OQSJvWplRjW0DaNVg](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/dWm-4OQSJvWplRjW0DaNVg)
- 7th AiDD Summit - [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/6NL-3zqmSEtkseV1Xso9vA](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/6NL-3zqmSEtkseV1Xso9vA)
- CAICT MCP Technology Salon - [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/WiPwI7l98gWneRBD5fhTyQ](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/WiPwI7l98gWneRBD5fhTyQ)
- OpenAtom Open Source Foundation - OpenTenBase Shanghai Station - [https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/uBfxA9coXpF5o3LTjR0Rvg](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/uBfxA9coXpF5o3LTjR0Rvg)
